Add initial maintenance guide (#145)
holochain/scaffolding: guides/maintenance.md

## Maintaining the Holochain Scaffolding

This is a guide for maintainers of the Holochain Scaffolding. It may also be useful to contributors wanting to understand how the branching and releases are being done.

### Branching strategy

New development and bug fixes should target the `develop` branch. From there, changes are back-ported to maintanance branches which are named after the version of Holochain they work with. So maintance for the versions of Scaffolding that work with Holochain 0.1.x are done on `develop-0.1` and those that work with Holochain 0.2.x are on `develop-0.2` and so on.

There need to be some exceptions to this workflow to allow changes on maintenance branches that don't make sense to make on `develop`:

- Bug fixes that are specific to a particular version of Holochain. This should be rare, but if Holochain were to introduce an API change between 0.1.x and 0.1.x+1 but NOT make that change for Holochain 0.2.x then the PR for Scaffolding would target `develop-0.1` directly.
- Version bumps for `flake.nix`, `flake.lock` and `Cargo.lock` files should target the maintenance branches directly.

> - Version bumps for dependencies of Scaffolding in the `Cargo.toml`. For dependencies that still on the same version on `develop` then it would be valid to target `develop` and back-port but you'll end up with a tricky lock file merge anyway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Version bumps for dependencies of Scaffolding in the `Cargo.toml`. For dependencies that are still on the same version as on `develop` it would be valid to target `develop` and back-port but you'll end up with a tricky lock file merge anyway.
```

Releases can be done as needed. This may be a single PR back-port, a batch of changes, or something as small as pinning a version in the `Cargo.toml`. The release process should follow these steps:

1. Submit a PR which bumps the Scaffolding version in the `Cargo.toml` on the relevant maintence branch. This should be merged before the release.
2. Perform any testing which needs to be done before releasing the new changes.
2. Changes on a maintenance branch such as `develop-0.1` are not yet visible to Holonix because there is a tag on the branch with the same version number such as `holochain-0.1`. This is the marker that Holonix will use to fetch the current version of Scaffolding corresponding to its Holochain version. Move this label to the tip of the maintenance branch. Sample commands are given for this below.

Moving a release tag example:

```bash
git checkout develop-0.1
git pull --tags
git tag holochain-0.1

> git push --tags origin holochain-0.1

Reviewer: IIUC this requires `--force` to overwrite the tag.

Author: Good spot thank you. I suspect this guide will need some pipe cleaning and updates as we try to use it but would prefer to catch as much of this kind of thing as possible up front :)

> git push --force --tags origin holochain-0.1

Reviewer: i'm pretty sure `--tags` isn't required and therefore i'd prefer omitting it to not accidentally push other local tags that might not be desired on the remote.

```suggestion
git push --force origin holochain-0.1
```
